Exploitation (Or Just Logging In)
Now that we have a higher degree of
confidence that Windows is running on
this host and we found that RDP is open,
we will use xfreerdp to connect to it.
As we did with Nmap, we have to prepend
xfreerdp with the proxychains command.
We'll provide the domain and user name
with the /d and /u flags respectively.
In order to redirect the clipboard,
we will use the clipboard flag,
which will allow us to
copy and paste to Poultry.
Finally, we also provide
the host with the /v flag.
Next, we will be prompted
for a password,
which we discovered in
the system report script.
The credentials worked and we are
presented with a Windows 7 desktop.